Story Ideas:
Setting: High School
Obviously we'll want some supernatural shit involved.
Some plot ideas:
1. MC is a descendant of an ancient family line, some "chosen hero" stuff, have to stop a coming darkness. Some friends of his actually know and have been hiding this secret from him, are actually angels/supernatural beings in disguise to help him, others are just regular friends. this could play out with him feeling betrayed and trying to stick with his regular friends, or appreciating his angel-friends and using them to help him, we could choose or the character could choose, though it would halve the time for each "section" we could create 2 different games technically with 2 different styles which would be pretty fresh imo

2. MC is a good-hearted person committed to his ideals in an increasingly apathetic and boring world. He can't figure out why this is the case but his friends and the people he talks to, save a select few seem almost to be losing energy and the will to live the longer the school year goes on. Little does he know that the world is being increasingly taken over by monsters intent on "sleeping" (we'll call it that for now) the world populace and subjugating it to their will before the demon hordes arrive and take over the planet for their age of hedonism. Strength in one's ideals and morality are what grounds a person, but MC doesn't know this. MC could either investigate/be a high school detective, or a regular student just finding out and taking a more action-oriented role, gathering friends and allies together to fight against this once its discovered, however it would be.


3. MC is a reckless person who cares about his friends but is pretty much a leader of delinquents. (think kinda like yusuke I guess). He's part of his gang, beating up whoever he feels like but overall he's not a bad dude. Some new punks come to town and they try to muscle on his turf, try to beat up on dorks, bully children, harass girls, etc. Confrontation arises and its revealed that this group is a squad of demons, monsters or whatever we decide to go with? Who the fuck knows, maybe they could just be regular gangsters and we avoid the supernatural entirely. Its kinda hard to decide. But it would continue from there based on what we go with. Normal/non-supernatural route could end up with eventually fighting crime lords and leading up to the japanese(?) Prime minister/president/whatever?

4. MC is a cute, fiery chick (think Lyndis but less shrill, more tsundere, but still very sassy) soon to graduate from high school. 











((IGNORE THIS FOR NOW, DUMB IDEAS))Possibilities for character stuff: (please disagree with some of my shit, I am NOT perfect when it comes to this nonsense)
We'll want a very attractive female character, possibly a tsundere because people eat that shit up, possibly the MC's love interest but that might be too much (or maybe make the female the MC, that would be pretty spicy and interesting)
Or maybe even make the villain a tsundere female or something, or at least one of the main villains who knows idk


We should avoid an overly large cast of characters, I feel 3-4 "main characters" + 3 big supporting characters is good, and a smattering of minor characters and useless NPCs who give shit if you talk to them

Villains should be 2 main villains, maybe not necessarily on the same side or maybe on the same side for convenience, or if we need it simple, 1 main villain with a few elite henchmen, and an army of cancer hordes to fight down

3-4 elite "generals" or maybe 1-2 with their own, less important assistants.

We don't want the parents killed, that might be too much of a cliche unless we really need to shorten on the writing. Stories are more meaningful with a parent, or a sibling figure at the very least. I lean towards the sibling figure for the MC, personally.

